DOCPLAN-100: Vale updates for /virt/support/virt-troubleshooting.adoc (#108585)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-view-guest-system-logs-cli.adoc

= Viewing guest system logs with the CLI

[role="_abstract"]

> To diagnose and troubleshoot issues with a virtual machine (VM) guest, you can view the serial console logs using the `oc logs` command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To diagnose and troubleshoot issues with a virtual machine (VM) guest, you can view the serial console logs by running the `oc logs` command. 
```

Author: Done.
